[red-knot] Diagnostics for incorrect `bool` usages (#16238)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/call/builtins.md

# Calling builtins

## `bool` with incorrect arguments

```py
class NotBool:
    __bool__ = None

> # TODO: We should emit an `invalid-argument` error here for `2` because `bool` only takes one argument.

Author: this is more something I noticed and considered worth adding a test. It isn't itself related to making `Type::bool` faliable

bool(1, 2)

> # TODO: We should emit a `not-boolable` error here because the argument doesn't implement `__bool__` correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: We should emit a `unsupported-bool-conversion` error here because the argument doesn't implement `__bool__` correctly.
```
